emds: get rid of heap usage (#8064)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * This library can use different transport implementation for each nRF RPC group.
  * Memory for remote procedure calls is now allocated on a heap instead of the calling thread stack.

> * :ref:`emds`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`emds_readme`
```

  * This library can use different transport implementation for each nRF RPC group.
  * Memory for remote procedure calls is now allocated on a heap instead of the calling thread stack.

> 
> * :ref:`emds_readme`
>   * :c:func:`emds_entry_add` requires a pointer to the dynamic entry structure. :c:struct `emds_dynamic_entry` should be allocated in advance.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

* :ref:`emds_readme`

  * Updated :c:func:`emds_entry_add` to no longer use heap, but instead require a pointer to the dynamic entry structure :c:struct `emds_dynamic_entry`.
    The dynamic entry structure should be allocated in advance.
```
